What do you get when you wake up on a workday and realize you ran out of coffee? A depresso.
Why are eggs not very much into jokes? Because they could crack up.
Why are ghosts such bad liars? Because they are easy to see through.
I ate a clock yesterday, it was very time-consuming.
Have you played the updated kids' game? I Spy With My Little Eye . . . Phone.
A perfectionist walked into a bar...apparently, the bar wasn't set high enough.
What is worse than ants in your pants? Uncles.
I think my neighbor is stalking me as she's been googling my name on her computer. I saw it through my telescope last night.
I changed my password to "incorrect". So whenever I forget what it is the computer will say "Your password is incorrect".
What do you call the security outside of a Samsung Store? Guardians of the Galaxy
I tried to escape the Apple store. I couldn't because there were no Windows.
A clean house is the sign of a broken computer.
I'm emotionally constipated. I haven't given a shit in days.
Life is like toilet papter, you're either on a roll or taking shit from some asshole.
If sex is a pain in the ass, then you're doing it wrong...or maybe not ;)
What's worse than waking up at a party and finding a penis drawn on your face? Finding out it was traced.
If a woman sleeps with 10 men she's a slotu, but if a man does it...He's gay, defiently gay.
I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn't complain.
On a scale of North Korea to America, how free are you tonight?
Talking to a liberal is like trying to explain social media to a 70 year old.
I don't approve of political jokes...I've seen too many of them get elected.
They should build the wall with Hillary's emails because nobody can get over them.
What's the difference between baseball and politics? In baseball you're out if you're caught stealing.
My favorite mythical creature? The honest politician.
Republicans and Democrats are like divorced parents who care more about getting the kids to hate the other than they care about their well-being.
I got gas for $1.39 today. Unfortunately, it was at Taco Bell.
WIth the rise of self-driving vehicles, it's only a matter of time before we get a country song where a guy's truck leaves him too.
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather...Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
Apparently I snore so loudly that it scares everyone in the car I'm driving.
I gave up my seat to a blind person on the bus. That is how I lost my job as a bus driver.
I like older men because they've gotten used to life's disappointments. Which means they're ready for me.
Being an adult is just walking around wondering what you're forgetting.
I always feel better when my doctor says something is normal for my age but then think dying will also be normal for my age at some point.
I tried to explain to my 4 year old son that it's perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants, but he's still making fun of me.
I like having conversations with kids. grownups never ask me what my third favorite reptils is.
My son asked me what it's like to be married so I told him to leave me alone and when he did I asked him why he was ignoring me.
Feeling pretty proud of myself. The Seasame Street puzzle I bought said 3-5 years, but I finished it in 18 months.
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
My wife is so negative. I remembered the car seat, the stroller, AND the diaper bag. Yet all she can talk about is how I forgot the baby.
Life is all about perspective. The sinking of the Titanic was a miracle to the lobsters in the ship's kitchen.
What's blonde and dead in a closet? The Hide and Seek Champion from 1995.
My boss is going to fire the employee with the worst posture. I have a hunch, it might be me.
I hope when I inevitably choke to death on gummy bears people just say I was killed by bears and leave it at that.
Behind every angry woman is a man who has absolutely no idea what he did wrong.
When wearing a bikini, women reveal 90% of their body...men are so polite they only look at the covered parts.
I hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious.
My dad died when we couldn't remember his blood type. As he died, he kept insisting for us to "be positibe", but it's hard without him.
Smoking will kill you, bacon will kill you, but smoking bacon will cure it.
Circumcision is popular because Jewish girls won't touch anything that's not at least 15% off.
Last night in my dream I was peeing in bed. Dreams do come true I realized in the morning.
My girlfriend was complaining last night that I never listen to her. Or something like that...
Girl you're like a car accident, cause I just can't look away.
I think we should get rid of democracy. All in favor raise your hand.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
Don't you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do.
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you...